workshop_4/README.md, before:

## AWS Workshop 4 - SageMaker Model Training and Bedrock Application Development

### SageMaker Immersion Day: Bring-Your-Own-Container

Lab: https://catalog.us-east-1.prod.workshops.aws/workshops/63069e26-921c-4ce1-9cc7-dd882ff62575/en-US/lab3-bring-your-own-model/option2

### Amazon Bedrock Development Workshop: Bedrock Chatbot

Lab: https://catalog.us-east-1.prod.workshops.aws/workshops/0b6e72fe-77ee-4777-98cc-237eec795fdb/en-US/fm/06-chatbot

### Building with Amazon Bedrock: Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Chatbot and Document Summarization

Workshop: https://catalog.workshops.aws/building-with-amazon-bedrock/en-US

Code: https://static.us-east-1.prod.workshops.aws/public/5dd5dc48-363d-4c69-9007-9e5528c5c31f/assets/workshop.zip

Lab: https://catalog.workshops.aws/building-with-amazon-bedrock/en-US/intermediate/bedrock-rag-chatbot

RAG Chatbot: building_with_amazon_bedrock/completed/rag_chatbot

Document Summarization: building_with_amazon_bedrock/completed/summarization

### Amazon Bedrock Workshop - Higher Education: Student Assistant Agent

Workshop: https://catalog.us-east-1.prod.workshops.aws/workshops/3008d94a-eaf7-477f-8b70-bc694f3589fc/en-US

Commit message:

update chatbot and agents deployment instructions

workshop_4/README.md, after:

## AWS Workshop 4 - SageMaker Model Training and Bedrock Application Development

### SageMaker Immersion Day: Bring-Your-Own-Container

Lab: https://catalog.us-east-1.prod.workshops.aws/workshops/63069e26-921c-4ce1-9cc7-dd882ff62575/en-US/lab3-bring-your-own-model/option2

### Amazon Bedrock Development Workshop: Bedrock Chatbot

Lab: https://catalog.us-east-1.prod.workshops.aws/workshops/0b6e72fe-77ee-4777-98cc-237eec795fdb/en-US/fm/06-chatbot

See amazon_bedrock_development_workshop/bedrock_chatbot/README.md for deployment and test instructions.

### Building with Amazon Bedrock: Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Chatbot and Document Summarization

Workshop: https://catalog.workshops.aws/building-with-amazon-bedrock/en-US

See building_with_amazon_bedrock/README.md for deployment and test instructions.

### Amazon Bedrock Workshop - Higher Education: Student Assistant Agent

Workshop: https://catalog.us-east-1.prod.workshops.aws/workshops/3008d94a-eaf7-477f-8b70-bc694f3589fc/en-US

See amazon_bedrock_workshop_higher_education/README.md for deployment and test instructions.
